[New] no-disabled rule (#830)
jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y: docs/rules/no-disabled.md

# no-disabled

Rule that `disabled` prop should be cautioned on elements. Disabling interactive elements removes the element from the accessibility tree. Consider using `aria-disabled`.

## Rule details

> The general consensus is that `disabled` should be used with specific intent. It goes against intuition since `disabled` is a native HTML attribute, which disables. However, from a usability stand-point it is not a good UX for screen readers: It removes the element from the a11y tree, and may omit critical information. It is best to use `aria-disabled` and add the additional JS logic to "disable" the element.

Reviewer: I'm going to be a bit more prescriptive here with this text. Apologies for the heavy-handed editing:

"The `disabled` attribute renders an HTML form element inoperable -- it cannot be focused or pressed. Disabled elements are visually rendered with lighter backgrounds and borders, indicating through visual affordance that they are present but inoperable. Unfortunately, an HTML form element with the `disabled` attribute is not rendered to the Accessibility Tree, so if a user cannot perceive the interface visually, they will not perceive the disabled form elements.

For this reason, we recommend that authors *not* use the `disabled` HTML attribute, which admittedly goes against the common best practice to use semantic HTML. Instead, use `aria-disabled` to indicate to assistive technology agents that an element is disabled. Additionally, use CSS to alter the appearance of an element to give it the visual appearance of a disabled state and use JavaScript to prevent the default behaviors of the element."

# no-disabled

Rule that `disabled` prop should be cautioned on elements. Disabling interactive elements removes the element from the accessibility tree. Consider using `aria-disabled`.

## Rule details

Warns usage of `disabled` property.

### Succeed
```jsx
<div />
<div disabled />
<input />
<select />
<textarea />
<button />
```

### Fail
```jsx
<input disabled />
<input disabled="true" />
<input disabled="false" />
<input disabled={undefined} />
```

## Accessibility guidelines

> General best practice (reference resources)

Reviewer: Just need to fill this out.

Reviewer: Or leave it out entirely. The Resources below are good enough.

Author: I think I'll leave it out. 👍

Rule that `disabled` prop should be cautioned on elements. Disabling interactive elements removes the element from the accessibility tree. Consider using `aria-disabled`.

## Rule details

> The general consensus is that `disabled` should be used with specific intent. It goes against intuition since `disabled` is a native HTML attribute, which disables. However, from a usability stand-point it is not a good UX for screen readers: It removes the element from the a11y tree, and may omit critical information. It is best to use `aria-disabled` and add the additional JS logic to "disable" the element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The general consensus is that `disabled` should be used with specific intent. It goes against intuition since `disabled` is a native HTML attribute, which disables. However, from a usability standpoint it is not a good UX for screen readers: it removes the element from the a11y tree, and may omit critical information. It is best to use `aria-disabled` and add additional JS logic to "disable" the element.
```
